Week1
1.choose the teammember of this course
2. initial an empty frontend react project
3. choose the project topic with my teammate
4. start to design the HomePage of our project
5. write the project proposal PART 4
Week2
1. Design the HomePage
2. Design the Login Page for user admin
3. Design the Regist Page for user admin
4. Design the Specific Spot Page for user
5. Design the Car selection Page
6. Choose the logo for our website
7. Looking the exist Spot Renter website
8. Write the proposal part4 for already designed
Week3
1. Write the proposal part4 all content and designed all web site Page.
2. Finished the user Login Page
3. Finished the user email verification code function
3. Finished the Home Page dashboard part and welcome part
4. Cooperation with the backend to test some API spereately
5. Finish a spereate Creat Spot Page with out any function
6. review our proposal and submit it.
Week4
1. Finished all the user Regist Page
2. Finished all the Password Forget Page
3. Finished the logout function
4. Make sure the user can regist,login,logout,reset password
5. Finished all the Create Spot Page and the Spot can be Create
6. Can get all the spot in the HomePage but UI is not correct
7. Implement all the filter but cannot use to filter
8. Finished the Admin Login Page
Week5
1. Finished the Admin Regist Page
2. Finished the Home page Get all published Spoting
3. For all filters the RANK, Bookway, price range, location can be filtered correctly
4. Complete the Specific Spot Page with can Order
5. Complete the Admin HomePage with all the spot can be shown and a serch bar can work
6. Complete the Edit Spot Page
7. Complete the Review and the score can be shown
Week6
1.Complete the Car selection Page
2.Complete the Order that can contains more than one duration
3.Can auto calculate the price
4.The Admin can shown the Wait for Approved Spot
5.The car selection can be filter and the Date filter also work
6.Add the visa card payment page
Week7
1.The admin can send the message to the user when the spot has been, approved, edit, blocked and hiddened
2.The admin can Approve, edit, delete, hidden the spot
3.Can View All the user Report
4.When the User Booking the Spot can send the message to the Admin
5.When the user balance not enought, link them to topup
6.The user can verify the vocher when payment
Week8
1. Finished the report solve and can check a Specific report
2. User can use Vocher if their Vocher has been verified
3. Can get all the system information
4. Finished the system statistic for the whole admin Part
5. Complete the infinate scroll of the program
Week9
1. Add the comment and fixed all of the bugs in the project
2. prevent all many click for the button in the project
3. fixed all warning in the program. 
4. Add the loading tag and when the scroll to the end show the error message
5. warper the frontend to the docker
Week10
1. fixed some small bugs in the project
2. write the file catalog of the frontend
3. write the final report
4. finished the peer review
